SETUP Form 008 -Pre-Implementation Project Information Sheet
For the Period
Project Title:
Project Code:
DEFINITIONS
Indicate here the exact title of the project
Name of Firm:
Indicate the name of the company if available (usually if registered); if not use surname of owner and add enterprises at
the end e.g. Perez Enterprises
Owner/ Contact Person:
Name:Sex:Birthday:
Indicate the owner and the contact person of the company; in
some instances the owner may be different from the contact person who generally is the one available more frequently
Type of Organization/Enterprise:
Can be a cooperative, sole proprietorship, partnership or corporation, etc.
Business Address:
Please complete the address where the factory is located not where the display area or show room is located
Contact Details: Landline:Fax:
If email address is not available use DOST Regional office email address as alternative
Mobile Phone:
email address:
Year Firm Established:
Actual year firm was registered or if not, registered year firm started operational
Date SETUP Assistance Approved:
Date project was approved as indicated in the approval letter
Total Assets
Please indicate the estimated value of total assets of the SME prior to SET-UP assistance; Need not be the exact figure but should check to ensure that data provided are realistic and as close to the real value as possible
Land
Building
Equipment
Working Capital
Total Employment Generated
Please indicate current level of employment when project was approved; please be guided by the definition of employment i.e. 1 man-month (20 working days) = 1 employment; sum of direct & indirect employment
Direct Employment:
Company Hire Regular Part-time
PWD
Senior Citizen
Sub-contractor Hire Regular
Part-time
Male
Female
Sub-total
Refers to the number of employees directly hired by the
SME/company and working in the factory/SME itself
Works eight hours/day five days/week
Works less than eight hours per day or less than five days per
week
Refers to the number of employees hired by sub-contractors of
the SME; these do not work in the factory itself and are paid by the sub-contractor himself.
Same as company hire definition
Same as company hire definition
PWD
Senior Citizen
Indirect Employment:
Male
Female
Sub-total
Manufactures components/parts of the whole product; as this is very difficult to measure it is sufficient to only account for the 1st degree employment effect
Backward
Forward
PWD
Senior Citizen
Refers to employment generated by suppliers of inputs and other raw materials needed to produce the final product of the company
Refers to employment generated by other companies using the products of the company or as a consequence of the production of the company such as suppliers of packaging materials,
Transport groups, etc.
Please specify by type of product and
Total Volume of Production:indicate unit of measurement; please use
additional sheet for details
Total volume of products produced within the period (reckoned on semester basis - Jan/June and July/Dec); Please report volume of production for the semester closest to the date of project approval.
*
Export
Refers to products sold within the Philippines
*
Local
Refers to products sold outside of the Philippines
Total Gross Sales (P):
Total value of products produced during the period closest to the date of project approval. Include inventory loss.
Local (P)
Export (P) Country/ies of destination
Peso value of products sold in the Philippines
Peso value of products sold outside of the Philippines
Refers to countries where products are sold if any
Assistance obtained from DOST (please check):
A. Pre-Implementation:
1. Conceptualization
2. Proposal preparation
3. Others (Please specify)
3.1 Production Technology
a. Process
b. Equipment
C. Quality control
/ Laboratory testing/analysis
3.2 Packaging/Labeling
3.3 post-harvest
3.4 Marketing assistance
3.5 Human Resource Training (Please specify)
3.6 Consultancy Services (Please specify)
3.7 Other Services: (FDA Pemit, LGU Registration, Bar Coding)
Prepared by:
Proponent
